h1. CacheTest

CacheTest is an extremely simple Sinatra app for testing browser cache characteristics.

h2. Getting Started

To run CacheTest, you'll need Ruby 1.8.6 or higher and any Rack-compatible web server. Thin is my favorite. If you don't already have Thin installed, run:

bc. gem install thin

Then start the server:

bc. thin -R config.ru start

Now open a browser and browse to @http://localhost:3000/@.

h2. Contributing

Patches are more than welcome. Please fork the GitHub repo, create a topic branch for your change, commit your change to the branch, and then send me a GitHub pull request from your branch with a description of the change and why you think I should pick it up.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2010 Ryan Grove <ryan@wonko.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
